Sam's house has an apple tree and an orange tree that yield an abundance of fruit. In the diagram below, the red region denotes his house, where s is the start point, and t is the endpoint. The apple tree is to the left of his house, and the orange tree is to its right. You can assume the trees are located on a single point, where the apple tree is at point a, and the orange tree is at point b.

When a fruit falls from its tree, it lands d units of distance from its tree of origin along the x-axis. A negative value of d means the fruit fell d units to the tree's left, and a positive value of d means it falls  units to the tree's right.

Given the value of d for m apples and n oranges, determine how many apples and oranges will fall on Sam's house (i.e., in the inclusive range [s,t])?

For example, Sam's house is between s = 7 and t = 10. The apple tree is located at a = 4 and the orange at b = 12. There are m = 3 apples and n = 3 oranges. Apples are thrown  units distance from apples = [2,3,-4], and oranges = [3,-2,-4] units distance. Adding each apple distance to the position of the tree, they land at [6,7,0]. Oranges land at [15,10,8]. One apple and two oranges land in the inclusive range 7-10 so we print

1
2

Function Description:
Complete the countApplesAndOranges function in the editor below. It should print the number of apples and oranges that land on Sam's house, each on a separate line.

countApplesAndOranges has the following parameter(s):
s: integer, starting point of Sam's house location.
t: integer, ending location of Sam's house location.
a: integer, location of the Apple tree.
b: integer, location of the Orange tree.
apples: integer array, distances at which each apple falls from the tree.
oranges: integer array, distances at which each orange falls from the tree.

Input Format:
The first line contains two space-separated integers denoting the respective values of s and t.
The second line contains two space-separated integers denoting the respective values of a and b.
The third line contains two space-separated integers denoting the respective values of m and n.
The fourth line contains  space-separated integers denoting the respective distances that each apple falls from point a.
The fifth line contains  space-separated integers denoting the respective distances that each orange falls from point .b

Output Format:
Print two integers on two different lines:
The first integer: the number of apples that fall on Sam's house.
The second integer: the number of oranges that fall on Sam's house.

Sample Input 0:
7 11
5 15
3 2
-2 2 1
5 -6

Sample Output 0:
1
1

Explanation 0:
The first apple falls at position 5-2 = 3.
The second apple falls at position 5+2 = 7.
The third apple falls at position 5+1 = 6.
The first orange falls at position 15+5 = 20.
The second orange falls at position 15-6 = 9.
Only one fruit (the second apple) falls within the region between 7 and 11, so we print 1 as our first line of output.
Only the second orange falls within the region between 7 and 11, so we print 1 as our second line of output.